at vina burger we take great pride in
our global reputation for manufacturing
and supplying the highest quality ranges
of bricks blocks pavers and roof tiles
since the business was founded in vienna
in 1819
we've been driven to innovate not only
in our finished products but also in the
manufacturing processes and production
methods we've always embraced a desire
to address issues of sustainability from
our careful sourcing of natural clay
resources through to the development of
products and construction of healthier
buildings burrows sustainability has
been and always will be a dynamic and
constant commitment this commitment is
evident throughout our global network of
businesses and sits at the core of our
extensive UK operation which date back
to the opening of our very first
manufacturing plant in 1836 today we
offer the UK construction industry the
very best in UK source building
solutions along with the combined
knowledge and expertise of a major
international company our policy of
constant innovation has witnessed a
gradual and purposeful expansion of our
product range we now boast a truly
comprehensive range of total building
solutions vena Berger believed that
innovation and sustainability can be
found in more than just the pages of our
product catalogues they are qualities
that are so integral to what we do
they've become embedded in our corporate
DNA innovation lies at the heart of our
sustainable approach which means that
it's constantly being driven by new
ideas or for products and production
methods this ethos is so important to us
that it's now a matter of company policy
our main sustainability targets are to
minimize the amount of raw materials we
use and also to minimize the amount of
energy and water that we use in the
process at the same time we look to
maximize the amount of raw materials
that come from alternative and secondary
sources to use as much renewable energy
as possible and also to source all our
process water from non main sources the
main benefits of player building
materials come from their long service
life and their low maintenance when
considered over the whole lifecycle the
environmental impacts of manufacture are
relatively low
in the past few years we have
transformed this business from a
producer of bricks blocks tiles and
pavers into a provider of sustainable
innovative building material solution to
this end innovation in products
production processes services and
especially people create of a
sustainable approach at the heart of our
business our innovation effort isn't
confined to simply delivering greater
customer choice significant emphasis is
placed on developing products that are
superior to existing offerings by
helping to reduce overall construction
costs and improve our customers
profitability the new generation of clay
roof tiles delivers lower install costs
when compared with traditional clay roof
tile systems and products like
multiversal hip and ridge enables
stockists to carry lower numbers of
stock items while still delivering
excellent levels of customer service we
are introducing new services such as
respect dry fix load builder brick mix
all aimed to assist our customers in
optimizing the value chain and improving
the service that they can give to their
customers another example of industry
leadership is our vena Berger e for
brick house concept in association with
arrow we wanted to establish vena Berger
as a credible voice in the UK house
building industry we want to position
the e for house as a practical solution
to today's economic challenges we hope
to encourage house borders to both the e
for house and we want to communicate why
a fabric first approach is so important
as a roadmap in the code for sustainable
homes
we pride ourselves in being a
responsible employer in a way that work
means our employees will both know
chopped and apart at the same time we
are signatories of the British ceramic
confederations health and safety pledge
we work closely together with trade
unions representatives and the health
and safety executives on the targeted
plan on how to reduce work-related
accidents